Refactoring of class components to functional components (#7629)
opencrvs/opencrvs-core: CHANGELOG.md

- Fetch child identifier in view record
- Auth token, ip address, remote address redacted from server log
- **Align Patient data model with FHIR**: Previously we were using `string[]` for `Patient.name.family` field instead of `string` as mentioned in the FHIR standard. We've now aligned the field with the standard.

> - Changed multiple class components into functional components [#993](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/993)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refactored multiple class components into functional ones to facilitate the usage of `useWindowSize` hook [#993](https://github.com/opencrvs/opencrvs-core/issues/993)
```

Reviewer 2: For such a internal change, we can also omit the changelog mention completely. These types of changes do not really affect country implementors or users of OpenCRVS

Author: noted, but will it not affect the merging if needed as a requirement
